Task 1: Describe the process of creating a new issue or bug report in the issue tracking system.

1)Login and Access the System: Log in to your issue tracking system

2)Create a New Issue/Bug Report:
Find and click on the "Create Issue" or "New Issue" button

3)Issue Type Selection:
Choose the appropriate issue type such as "Bug" "Task," "Feature," or custom types based on your project's workflow.

4)Issue Details:
  Fill in the necessary details for the issue, including:
  Title
  Description
 Task 1: Describe the process of creating a new issue or bug report in the issue tracking system.

1)Login and Access the System: Log in to your issue tracking system

2)Create a New Issue/Bug Report:
Find and click on the "Create Issue" or "New Issue" button

3)Issue Type Selection:
Choose the appropriate issue type such as "Bug" "Task," "Feature," or custom types based on your project's workflow.

4)Issue Details:
  Fill in the necessary details for the issue, including:
  Title
  Description
  Priority
  Assignee
  Labels/Tags

5)Attachments:

If applicable, attach screenshots, log files, or any other relevant files that can help in understanding and resolving the issue.

6)Save or Submit:
Depending on your issue tracking system, there will be a "Save" or "Submit" button. Click it to create the issue.

7)Notification:
The system may notify team members about the new issue, depending on your notification settings.


Task 2: Explain how to assign the issue to a specific team member.

1)Open the Issue:
Navigate to the issue you want to assign in your issue tracking system.

2)Edit the Issue:
Look for an "Edit" or "Assign" button, typically located near the issue's details.

3)Assignee Selection:
Find the "Assignee" field and select the team member to whom you want to assign the issue from the dropdown list.

4)Save or Update:
Click the "Save" or "Update" button to apply the assignment.

5)Notification:
The system will typically notify the assigned team member about their new task. They will now be responsible for addressing the issue.

Task 3: Describe how to use Git branches and pull requests to work on the issue, ensuring that changes are tracked and reviewed.

1)Create a New Branch:
git checkout -b bugfix/critical-bug-description

2)Work on the Issue:
Make code changes related to the issue in this new branch
git commit -m "Fix critical bug - Issue #1"

3)Push the Branch:
Push the branch to the remote repository so that others can access it.
git push origin bugfix/critical-bug-description

4)Create a Pull Request (PR):
 create a new pull request from your branch to the main or development branch.
Provide a detailed description of the changes made and reference the issue in the PR

5)Review Process:

Team members review the code changes within the pull request. They can provide feedback and comments directly in the PR.

6)Merge the PR:
Once the PR is approved by the team and all required checks pass, merge it into the main or development branch.

7)Delete the Branch:
After merging, it's a good practice to delete the issue-specific branch.
git branch -d bugfix/critical-bug-description







